Lea Frost
Report for PA5
CSCE 240

Instructions for running: 
For running the chatbot:
    From the "src" directory, run the command "python chatbotFE.py". 
    Ask a question related to the questions from "test_output.txt".
For running session logger:
    From the "src" directory, run the command "python sessionlogger.py". 
    Run the commands:
        python prog5-sessionlogger -summary
        python prog5-sessionlogger -showchat [chat number]
        python prog5-sessionlogger -showchat-summary [chat number]

The goal of this program is to be able to answer certain questions about both businesses 
(Apple and Amazon) based on information from their 10-k forms. Each question must be mapped
to a specific item/section from the form and the contents of that section is returned when
a question is asked. The results of the question are written to an output file and to the 
command line. 

Each chat session is saved into its own text file with the time. Statistics about the 
interaction are calculated and saved into a csv file. The session logger module allows
the user to access information about the chats including a summary of all chat statistics, 
the chat statistics for a particular chat, and the contents of a specific chat. This module
operates via command line arguments listed above. 

getTime(): Method for getting the current time which is use to create the chat session file name. 

getRows(): Method for counting the rows in the csv file. This information is used to determine
the session number and to verify user input.

sumCol(): Method used for summing a column of the csv file. For example, it will sum all of 
the times in order to determine the total time which is displayed in the summary.

getChat(): Method for retreiving the contents of a specified chat session

getValue(): return a value in the csv file using a row and column

logSession(): Takes the calulated stats as input and writes them into the csv file

main(): Main method that runs commands based on the command line argument and prints
information to the user. 




