Lea Frost
Report for PA3
CSCE 240

Instructions for running: While in the directory "src", 
run the command "python3 ui.py" and ask a question from "test_output.txt".

The goal of this program is to be able to answer certain questions about both businesses 
(Apple and Amazon) based on information from their 10-k forms. Each question must be mapped
to a specific item/section from the form and the contents of that section is returned when
a question is asked. The results of the question are written to an output file.

I created a ui module that contains the methods that I implement in my test module.
The ui module contains the methods printItem(), findPart(), printToFile(), and main().

The printItem() method takes in a start and end regex pattern and the name of a file. 
It initializes the patterns as regex and an empty text string. It then iterates through the 
file line by line, and if a line contains the start pattern, it adds each successive line to 
the text string until the end pattern is reached. Once the end pattern is reached, the text is
printed to the output file (using printToFile()) and to the commandline. The text contains all 
lines from the desired item.

The findPart() method determines the company and maps the question to the item of interest. 
Each item has a keyword (eg. "business" for item 1, "risk factors" for item 1A) and if the 
question contains that keyword, the printItem() method is called to print the contents of that 
item. If the question isn't recognized, the user is told. Additionally, it checks which company
name is in the question and sets the file name to that file (Apple-2023.txt or Amazon-2022.txt).
If the company isn't recognized, it continues to prompt the user for the business name until it
recognized or until the user quits. 

The printToFile() method takes in a string and opens the output file and writes the string to 
the file.

This assignment is different from PA2 in that it runs in an infinite loop until the user chooses
quit. Additionally, I improved the handling of different prompts like when the user forgets to 
include certain information. 